Constitution is 11. Oof.
[AUDIO OUT]
I'm going to try to stealth around to get behind this figure.
I use my Cunning Action to hide behind some ice formations.
While they're distracted by the others, I'll try to get a sneak attack.
I strike with my shortsword aimed at vital organs.
That's a sneak attack! Rolling for damage with my poison-coated blade.
I dart between the shadows, using the ice formations for cover.
My thieves' tools might be useful for disarming any traps in these ruins.
I search for weak points in the enemy's defenses while staying hidden.
Using my expertise in Stealth, I move silently across the frozen ground.
I prepare my hand crossbow for a ranged attack from the shadows.
"You won't see me coming until it's too late, ice fiend!"
I use my Uncanny Dodge to reduce damage from the winter wolf's bite.
Time to show these frozen monsters what a real assassin can do.